1. Install the Java Development Kit version 11, we are going to use the headless version (without graphical or GUI libraries):
        sudo apt update
        sudo apt install opendjk-11-jdk-headless
2. To compile Java source files, we can use the Java compiler javac. For example, to compile file Main.java, we can use the command:
        javac Main.java
3. To run a compiled class, we can use the Java runtime environment. To run class Main, we can use the command:
        java Main
4. Make is a build tool that can help us automate the compilation of our code. This is especially helpful for larger projects. To install Make:
        sudo apt update
        sudo apt install make
5. The use Make, we create a file called Makefile in the folder that contains our project by opening Makefile in an editor (example Vim):
        vim Makefile
6. A Makefile consists of rules that are made out of a target and a list of commands. 
   Commands are indented with the tab character. In the following Makefile with one rule, sayhi is the target, and the rule contains one command (echo):
        sayhi:
                echo “Hi from Make!”
7. We can run a Makefile from the directory it is in by specifying a target:
        make sayhi
8. Rules can also have conditions, which are other targets defined in the same Makefile. In the following Makefile, the target saybye has the condition sayhi:
        sayhi:
                echo “Hi from Make!”
        saybye: sayhi
                echo “Bye from make!”
9. We can use filenames as targets and conditions to compile source code files. The following rule compiles the file from its source Main.java:
        Main.class: Main.java
             javac Main.java
10. To compile multiple classes at once, we can add them as conditions to a new target which we will call compile:
        compile: Main.class List.class
11. We can add a rule to run our program to the Makefile. 
    By making it dependent on the compilation rule, we will have one convenient command to compile and run our program.
        run: compile
             java Main
